OK so our website has taken shape now.
We have completed the head dissection and also the featured image and text which then moved down to
create the welcome section which has got links to all sections of the website.
So if we take a look at the finished website the next part we're going to be create is the latest offers
section and it's got to consist of a similar level to head in and divider to the last section and then
when to create a new role we had three different special offers and three different offers are static
text for now.
But once we get to the WordPress section later on in the course will make sure that the user can log
in and change the values so they can keep the special offers up to date even without any technical knowledge.
So let's get started in the next page.
So we'll get started with a comment and dissection is going to be called the latest offers and we'll
do just below the welcome section that we're done in the last video.
So who locate the closed section.
And then paste a comment just below there.
So that's latest offers.
Okay.
So the latest offers will have its own section too.
This will have an idea of latest offers.
There would in the section will create the usual div.
Would a class of container.
Then because the row that we're going to be using is pretty much the same as the last section.
We can just copied the div with the class of row.
Arm can reuse up.
So paste paste wood in the container.
And then we need to change the level to heading to latest offers.
Because this time we're on a purple back round.
Let's change the divider to be the divide a silver dot PRNG.
Let's take a look at that.
OK.
So there's I was section with the level 2 hedin and the divider.
So just going to add one more custom class which is going to be clustered some margin to the bottom
of the divider.
If you look at the finished project we need to make sure that the free divs below the divider are slightly
pushed on from the image.
So let's add the class to the row of margin bottom and will add the margin in the next video.
In the CSA.
Ah.
A clause and comment to the container.
So let's put the free special offers in the role.
So let's create a new div.
We had a class of row.
So were going to create the free special offer divs but we need to put those free special offer divs
into a container so when I put a full 12 column which contain a surround and those so div would a class.
Of call S M 12.
And I create a full 12 column container because of three special offer sections are nested.
We need to create a new row.
For those to go inside so would in the row the first special offer is gonna be div class Col S M for.
So it takes up one third of the page and also so can other were custom styles will also iod a custom
class of offer.
So to start with needs.
Put the price when he's put price in the spam tigers and then put the name on the special offer in a
level three heading and then two separate paragraph tags just below.
So for the price the spun and then in between there the first one had a price of six dollars.
And then below that in the level three had him.
The name of the offer.
So the first one is family offer.
I'm going to put a brake tag in there.
And then the petersburg's.
So the first line of text was in the bill.
Then Mine too was great.
They Alt.
So let's see how that look.
So it's all there but still a little bit of work to do with the.
Yes yes.
But let's continue for now as in the rest of the offers So if Will Okay the day of fact let some comments
first.
So she copied the contain a comment.
And then the first one.
He's from the class of offer.
The second one.
He's called nurse for.
And then this is the role.
In fact this is the nested role.
Then just below that it's the 12th column.
And then the final row container.
So let's copy the full section.
For the special offer and then let's paste it in twice just below.
So the second special offer the price of a hundred twenty dollars.
This was a bridal package.
So the name of the offer was for the bride.
Um the first line of the text was hair and makeup.
And lastly it was the full pump package.
And then the last special offer was the weekend pass which had a price of ninety dollars.
So the name was Weekend Pass.
The text was modern facilities.
And the last one.
The text of.
Perfect gift.
Okay.
So back into the browser that's all and fine.
That's exactly how we want it.
And join me in the next video and we'll continue with dissection by ad in the C S S.